ROAD ROLLER DA
KONO DIO DA
WRYYYYYYYYY
Jojo! I reject my humanity!
yare yare daze…
yare yare dawa…
When I was a kid, I saw Mona Lisa from my grammar school art book....The fist time I saw her, with her hands on her knee...how do I say this...I had a boner...
no one can deflect the emerald splash
I, Giorno Giovanna, have a dream
4 balls
sticky fingers!
BABY STANDO 
NICE!
Go ahead, Mr. Joestar
F-MEGA! Serrect ur curr
Oh! That’s a baseball!
Jaguars!
GOODBYE, JOJO!
HINJAKU HINJAKU
I brought tequila with me. Is it ok if I pass here?
CAAAAEEEESAAAAR!!!!
FOOL! GERMAN SCIENCE IS THE BEST IN THE WORLD!
YES, I AM!
*snap* hey, baby!
Gureto-daze
I’m gonna fix that spaghetti
Koichi-kun, you truly are a reliable guy
I refuse. 
I’m going to become a Gang-Star!
Did you really think you’d be that lucky? A piece of shit like you?
This taste… is the taste of someone who is lying! Giorno Giovanna!
Arrivederci. 
Ah, Giorno! Don't! N-no more! I-I can't! BE GENTLER, DAMMIIIIIITTT!!!
An organism that can have sex with anything that it encounters… I’m kinda jealous… I mean— no! That’s gross!
Where the fuck is Mickey?
Gyro! What are you trying to make her do? She’s only 14, damn it!
SHUT UP! YOU STAY THE FUCK OUT OF THIS!
Suppose that you were sitting down at a table. The napkins are in front of you, which napkin would you take? The one on your ‘left’? Or the one on your ‘right’? The one on your left side? Or the one on your right side? Usually you would take the one on your left side. That is ‘correct’ too. But in a larger sense on society, that is wrong. Perhaps I could even substitute ‘society’ with the ‘Universe’. The correct answer is that ‘It is determined by the one who takes his or her own napkin first.’ …Yes? If the first one takes the napkin to their right, then there’s no choice but for others to also take the ‘right’ napkin. The same goes for the left. Everyone else will take the napkin to their left, because they have no other option. This is ‘society’… Who are the ones that determine the price of land first? There must have been someone who determined the value of money, first. The size of the rails on a train track? The magnitude of electricity? Laws and Regulations? Who was the first to determine these things? Did we all do it, because this is a Republic? Or was it Arbitrary? NO! The one who took the napkin first determined all of these things! The rules of this world are determined by that same principle of ‘right or left?’! In a Society like this table, a state of equilibrium, once one makes the first move, everyone must follow! In every era, this World has been operating by this napkin principle. And the one who ‘takes the napkin first’ must be someone who is respected by all. It’s not that anyone can fulfill this role… Those that are despotic or unworthy will be scorned. And those are the ‘losers’. In the case of this table, the ‘eldest’ or the ‘Master of the party’ will take the napkin first… Because everyone ‘respects’ those individuals.
Power! Glory! Happiness! Culture! Law! Money! Food! The Hearts of People! I have taken the first napkin!
Your Stand is like your asshole… you can’t go showing it to everyone. 
JoJo's mother, Ms. Holly, is a woman capable of calming the hearts of others. People feel at ease around her. This may sound awkward... but if I were to fall in love, I'd like it to be with someone like her. I would give my all for her. And I would want to always see her warm, happy smile.
What a beautiful duwang! chew~
How many breads have you eaten in your life?
Eat shit, asshole! fall off your horse!
Your underwear is showing
Pizza Mozarella, Pizza Mozarella, Rella-Rella-Rella-Rella 
Awaken, my masters!
Do you understand?
DORARARARARARARARARA! DORA!
Shut up! you’re fucking annoying!
OH NO!
Nice watch. Too bad you won't be able to tell the time after I break it. Break your face that is.
very nice, caesarino!
rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero rero 
oh? you’re approaching me?
you fell for it, fool! thunder cross split attack!
…and then jack the ripper came out of the horse
is that a jojo reference?
OH MY GOD
HORRRRY SHIET
SON OF A BEETCH 
ok master! let’s kill da hoe! beeeeetch 
wha- wha- wha- wha- wha- wha- wha- wha- 
Korega… Requiem… da. 
rhinoceros beetle
make her as docile as a winter catfish 
take the napkin 
do you believe in gravity?
what the fuck did you say about my hair?
your next line will be “what?”
My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest. I don't smoke, but I occasionally drink. I'm in bed by 11 PM, and make sure I get eight hours of sleep, no matter what. After having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed, I usually have no problems sleeping until morning. Just like a baby, I wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning. I was told there were no issues at my last check-up. I'm trying to explain that I'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life. I take care not to trouble myself with any enemies, like winning and losing, that would cause me to lose sleep at night. That is how I deal with society, and I know that is what brings me happiness. Although, if I were to fight I wouldn't lose to anyone.
nothing can stop sheer heart attack!
ZA WARUDO!
ZA HANDO!
oi, josuke
bites za dusto!
killer queen has already touched that doorknob!
YES! YES! YES!
YES! YES! YES! OH MY GOD!
NO! NO! NO!
filthy acts at a reasonable price
I like large fries but not fried chicken
flaccid pancakes
daisan no backudan 
Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda Muda
ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora ora
**yakamashii!**
Ah, wait a moment. I did it. I ate it with the seeds still on the stem. Have you ever tried this? When you put a piece of fruit in your mouth, you try eating it without taking the seeds outside the stem. You can't use your fingers... And you do it with cherries, because they come in twos. The challenge is, when you finish the first one, which tooth do you use to bite into the next one? When you bite into the second one, it would be bad if you accidentally bit off the seed of the one you completed. So? Do you want to try?
I was only 17 years old. I loved Jojo so much, I had all the merchandise and books. I pray to Jojo every night, thanking him for the life I’ve been given. “Jojo is love” I say, “Jojo is life." My dad hears me and calls me a faggot. I knew he was just jealous of my devotion to Jojo. I called him a cunt. He hits me and sends me to sleep. I'm crying now and my face hurts. I lay in bed, really cold. I feel something warm... It's Jojo! I was so happy. He whispers in my ear "This is my duwang." He grabs me with his muscular hands, and puts me on my hands and knees. I'm ready. I spread my ass cheeks for Jojo. He penetrates my butthole. It hurts so much, but I do it for Jojo. I can feel my butt tearing and eyes watering. I want to please Jojo. He roars a mighty roar as he fills my butt with his love. My dad walks in. Jojo looks him straight in the eye and says, "Yare yare, you truly are the lowest scum." Jojo leaves through my window. Jojo is love. Jojo is life.